Thanks to Manu Sporny for scribing this week! The minutes
for this week's Credentials CG telecon are now available:

https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/2020-01-21/

Full text of the discussion follows for W3C archival purposes.
Audio from the meeting is available as well (link provided below).

----------------------------------------------------------------
Credentials CG Telecon Minutes for 2020-01-22

Agenda:
  undefined
Topics:
  1. Introductions / Reintroductions
  2. Announcements and Reminders
  3. Updates
  4. W3C CCG Election and Charter Update
  5. Encrypted Data Vaults - Transmute Implementation
Organizer:
  Joe Andrieu and Kim Hamilton Duffy and Christopher Allen
Scribe:
  Manu Sporny
Present:
  Justin Richer, Joe Andrieu, Sumita Jonak, Amy Guy, Orie Steele, 
  Dave Longley, Drummond Reed, Moses Ma, Manu Sporny, Carl 
  DiClementi, Markus Sabadello, Jonathan Holt, Kim Hamilton Duffy, 
  Kaliya Young, Heather Vescent, davidm, llorllale, Troy Ronda, 
  Wayne Vaughn, Dmitri Zagidulin, Adrian Gropper, Stephen Curran, 
  Ken Ebert
Audio:
  https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/2020-01-22/audio.ogg

Manu Sporny is scribing.

Topic: Introductions / Reintroductions

Joe Andrieu:  Anyone new today that hasn't been here before?
No one pipes up.
Let's ask Stephen
Joe Andrieu:  Reintroductions... Kim?
Kim Hamilton Duffy:  What about Stephen Curran?
Justin Richer:  Hi,  Justin Richer, independent consultant in 
  Boston, lot of work in OAuth and OpenID Protocol, lot of work in 
  privacy, wrote vectors in trust, been involved with lots of 
  different standards orgs. Here in this group and DID WG working 
  on behalf of clients, SecureKey - bridge gaps between the 
  traditional Web API space and the distributed DID identity space

Topic: Announcements and Reminders

Justin Richer: Also doing http signatures, txauth, a couple board 
  games, etc ....
Joe Andrieu:  Next week is a DID WG meeting, still an opportunity 
  to go - not seeing either chair in IRC list - URL for that is in 
  the Agenda.
Joe Andrieu: http://rwot10.eventbrite.com/
Joe Andrieu:  RWOT10 is March 16th-20th in Buenos Aires, 
  Argentina - you can sign up above.
Moses Ma: Do you have an agenda for RWOT 10?
Joe Andrieu:  This Friday is deadline for early bird tickets, 
  have another month to get topic paper discount for regular 
  advanced sale.
Joe Andrieu:  Yes, we have an Agenda for RWOT10 - same agenda as 
  usual, ping me offline if you have specific questions.
Moses Ma: Okay Joe
Joe Andrieu:  DID Resolution calls have resumed in new year. 
  Where are we with that? Who should join?
Drummond Reed:  Markus is running those calls, he is the 
  authoritiative guy there.
Markus Sabadello:  Yes, we're having calls, recent topics include 
  matrix parameters, how they're different from query parameters, 
  another topic is security and trust aspects of DID Resolution and 
  different requirements for DID Resolution architectures - local 
  resolvers, remote services, what does that mean for how you can 
  trust the result and what sort of proofs you should add? Ties 
  into Sam Smith's work on self-certifying identifiers and proof of 
  authority.
Joe Andrieu: https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
Joe Andrieu:  That meeting is Thursdays for 60 minutes, link 
  above.
Joe Andrieu:  1PM PT
Markus Sabadello: DID Resolution spec weekly meeting: 
  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/
Joe Andrieu:  Related to announcements -- next week, next week is 
  DID WG face to face  meeting in Amsterdam. Plus one if you are 
  going to be available and want to meet next week. There is no DID 
  WG meeting.
Joe Andrieu:  In consideration of canceling next week... +1 if 
  you want to hav ethe meeting.
Drummond Reed: -1
Crickets... *chirp chirp chirp*
Manu Sporny: -1 (To stand is solidarity with drummond)
Markus Sabadello: -1 (Group pressure)
Joe Andrieu:  Ok, we'll cancel next week and pick the meeting up 
  in two weeks time.
Joe Andrieu: 
  https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22

Topic: Updates

Kim Hamilton Duffy:  We talked about this last week, no 
  resolution. We didn't update the labels for review next. Same 
  ones we reviewed last week.
Carl DiClementi: Will there be a summary of some kind published 
  regarding any conclusions from the in person meeting?
Manu Sporny:  Update on the signatures stuff. There's been a lot 
  of movement. Christopher and a group of implementers are updating 
  a list of links to current implementations and specs, etc. Orie 
  has done a great job at pushing the security vocab from DVCG to 
  the CCG. [scribe assist by Dave Longley]
Manu Sporny:  We're working on a strategy to get that updated; 
  work on repos, etc.; another individual in this group has started 
  working on a cryptosuite spec. There's movement to clean up and 
  document and update things. Others working on people getting 
  additional funding for making progress. [scribe assist by Dave 
  Longley]
Manu Sporny:  Multiple companies looking at funding there. 
  [scribe assist by Dave Longley]
Manu Sporny:  Just so everyone knows and is up to date. Hosting a 
  schema is still vague and we'll need to work with Christopher to 
  figure out what he'd like to see there. There are other non-big 
  things that Orie and I and others are Digital Bazaar are working 
  on. That's updates for LD signatures, contexts, etc. [scribe 
  assist by Dave Longley]
Carl DiClementi: We (Factom) are the org working on updating the 
  RSA suite and we plan to communicate a plan WRT consolidating 
  content for proofs that is spread across several specs.
Joe Andrieu:  So issue #95, we should close that.
Carl DiClementi:  If it's a small comment, I can mention it on 
  queue?
Joe Andrieu:  Yes.
Carl DiClementi:  We will be working on updating RSA Signature 
  Cryptosuite - also trying to consolidate cryptosuites across 
  various locations, will come back with proposals around that 
  soon.
Carl DiClementi: Snark +1
Joe Andrieu:  Closing #95, which is great.
Joe Andrieu:  The Chairs would like to have a JSON-LD day where 
  we can spend most of the topical points on where things are, 
  where resources are, how we can support it, want to make sure 
  it's moving forward. That's #88.
Joe Andrieu:  Updating the CCG Process, we had a call on it last 
  week, relates to next item on Agenda - going to move into that.

Topic: W3C CCG Election and Charter Update

Joe Andrieu:  We do need to have an election and do need to 
  update the Charter.
Joe Andrieu:  We are going to update the charter, provide details 
  on election format - will propose new election process, will 
  hopefully maintain a healthy succession of leadership.
Joe Andrieu:  We're working on this, this sort of things don't 
  spark joy, so it's taking longer than normal. We don't want to 
  rush through this, just wanted to give an update on that. Happy 
  to talk offline if folks want more detail.

Topic: Encrypted Data Vaults - Transmute Implementation

Yes, it's a work item
Joe Andrieu:  We have an Encrypted Data Vault specification as a 
  work item, I believe it's a work item, larger conversation on how 
  to work w/ DIF and other communities on shared spec for this 
  critical piece.
Joe Andrieu:  Lots of people are working on this in lots of 
  different ways, Medium post by Orie Steele, on how their EDV 
  implementation went. Wanted to share that with the group.
Orie Steele: +1 For update
Present?
Manu Sporny:  The conversation continues between W3C and DIF, 
  Rouven will provide an update later this week.
Joe Andrieu:  Thanks for the update, in that context - speaking 
  as the Chairs - as a CG we're here to catalyze conversations that 
  move work forward. We are having this conversation today about a 
  particular implementation of a particular spec.
Orie Steele: 
  https://medium.com/transmute-techtalk/encrypted-data-vaults-c794055b170e
Orie Steele:  There is the blog post ^
Orie Steele:  I'd like this to be as interactive as possible. 
  This work is of interest to a number of different communities. 
  Transmute are members of W3C and DIF, we initially followed the 
  initial into through Identity Hubs at DIF.
Orie Steele:  Hubs was a spec was around facilitating storage on 
  behalf of decentrlaized storage.
Orie Steele:  Hubs might be available online, they might take a 
  beating on the public Internet, they may serve content in 
  encrypted or non-encrpted form, most DIF discussion on Hubs is 
  non-encrypted.
Orie Steele:  You would talk to a hub when you need data around 
  DIDs. That was our first introduction to it, worked in DIF trying 
  to move Hubs specification forward. Then there was this brilliant 
  RWOT paper that summarized the entire ecosystem.
Dave Longley: 
  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/master/final-documents/encrypted-data-vaults.md
Orie Steele:  That summarized Hubs, Solid, EDVs, etc... that 
  document was the motivation of this collaboration between these 
  various communities.
Orie Steele:  What we've started with is with what we expect to 
  be the W3C specification for Encrypted Data Vaults - 
  client-server architecture for data that's encrypted in transit 
  and encrypted at rest.
Orie Steele:  It's related to some other things floating around 
  on mailing list - HTTP Signatures, our implementation that's 
  mentioned in the blog post uses HTTP Signatures and Authorization 
  Capabilities (ZCAP-LD) - of interest for further discussion.
Orie Steele:  You as a controller of a key of a DID Document 
  express authorization around EDV documents - express 
  authorizations as capabilities, and then invoke capabilities to 
  get to your data and work with it.
Orie Steele:  We use ZCAP-LD and HTTP Signatures from browser to 
  server.
Orie Steele:  I'll note that Authorization Capabilities are new, 
  there are alternatives like OAuth and stuff like that, marrying 
  that ecosystem, txauth is a primary interest to having WG to 
  consolidate and share knowledge about how we interop, what plugs 
  what doesn't.
Orie Steele:  The Encrypted Data Document format - the one we're 
  using today is a JWE - what that means is that is a reasonable 
  encryptoin encoding format for these documents. Lots of support 
  for JOSE, should be easy to move JWEs around - however, if we're 
  talking about large datasets, vision to support that in the 
  future, we're going to have to have a deeper discussion about 
  that.
Orie Steele:  That's another area we could talk about - what do 
  we store in the vaults? Structured data, or more like file 
  system? Large binaries?
Orie Steele:  Why not TahoeLAFS? Other encrypted file system 
  extensions to IPFS - don't want to read our blog post to you - I 
  talk a lot abou tthe technology - probably should set business 
  context.
Orie Steele:  The reason we care about this, working with DHS 
  SVIP on preventing forgery and particularly working with US 
  Customs and Border Protection around certificates around raw 
  materials imports. Want to store these certificates in some sort 
  of interoperable data store. Digital Bazaar did this with CBP as 
  well and we think that's a use case that applies to many things.
Error: (IRC nickname 'kimhd_' not 
  recognized)[2020-01-21T17:40:22.798Z]	<kimhd_>	new Wired article 
  on Kaliya and SSI https://www.wired.co.uk/article/kaliya-young
Orie Steele:  This also works with storing credential formats and 
  digital wallet portability. One other point before opening up to 
  questions - in EDV implementation - had to do a lot of magic to 
  get keys to get used for authz. Another work item called WebKMS, 
  we used that, want to see progress on that.
Orie Steele:  One of the needs of an EDV system is you're using 
  keys - would like to combine WebKMS ... also interested on 
  credential exchange - CHAPI - extension for working w/b rowsers 
  to exchange credentails... want to integrate CHAPI into our EDV 
  demo in the future.
Orie Steele:  I'm familiar with DIF company positions as well, 
  could elaborate there.
Joe Andrieu:  Are you using WebKMS in the implementation?
Orie Steele:  Not today - how do we represent serialized 
  keystores that have info about DIDs, we have a library that can 
  do that today, but it's 90% JWKs - with some metadata.
Orie Steele:  There might be some DID public key identifier 
  associated with a DID - that's portability layer that enables us 
  to use did:key, did:github, and did:elem.
Orie Steele:  Signing and encrypting on behalf of DID Document is 
  done with these keys... it's an area that we'd like to see an 
  existing standard... JWKs w/ annotations - don't want alternate 
  keystore format that we've created.
Joe Andrieu:  Great, it's implementations like this that help us 
  understand where we could put in effort.
Dave Longley:  All of this is great, thanks for doing this work 
  Orie. My expectation is that you're using the edv-client - that 
  gives full interop w/ our EDV implementations. We're very 
  interested in working out interop w/ Transmute.
Dave Longley:  Interested in working on interop w/ streaming... 
  also collaborating on WebKMS - we are using WebKMS + EDVs. Also 
  interested in interop w/ CHAPI, this is all great, very 
  interested in collaborating.
Orie Steele:  We don't support streaming format yet, we support 
  document create/update - thinnest wrapper around EDV that we 
  could ... interop goals, I'd like to focus on a couple of 
  different EDV implementation sout there, maybe more than one 
  client app out there, some ability to create docs on one of them 
  and then move docs from one to another and back again.
Orie Steele:  We had some discussions - if you're running stuff 
  on public internet, what are some concerns? There is an endpoint 
  that'll delete everything -- it's a demo - don't use it for 
  production.
Orie Steele:  I'd like to think about whitelisting as a layer on 
  top of this - whitelist DIDs for early integration w/ services. I 
  see a natural place to do this - when we process capability 
  invocations, we could extend to support generaic white list .
Orie Steele: +1 To allow listing
Joe Andrieu:  Wanted to point out Dave's suggestion to change 
  "white list" to "allow list".
Consensus!
Manu Sporny:  One, underscore Dave's point that this is all great 
  work, Orie. Wonderful to see another company pick up an 
  implementation, implement and see it work. [scribe assist by Dave 
  Longley]
Manu Sporny:  Great that we're using the same client but 
  different servers gives us a narrow point to demonstrate interop 
  which is a good thing. [scribe assist by Dave Longley]
Manu Sporny:  So what are the next highest priority things to 
  demonstrate... everything you list is great. Collaborating on 
  CHAPI, different server implementations, on ZCAPs, on allow lists 
  and block lists and things of that nature. [scribe assist by Dave 
  Longley]
Manu Sporny:  I wanted to point out that DB's primary motivation 
  has to do with wallet portability. What DB means by "wallet" is 
  "where you store your stuff". Maybe your VCs, binary files, 
  things that are sensitive to you. The digital version of your 
  physical wallet, receipts, loyalty cards, you stuff lots of stuff 
  like that in your wallet. [scribe assist by Dave Longley]
Manu Sporny:  So in EDVs is where we intend to put all this 
  stuff. And that you can move providers very easily, that's what 
  we want. You should be able to change wallet/EDV providers 
  without anyone stopping you from doing so. [scribe assist by Dave 
  Longley]
Manu Sporny:  So power to the people, making sure their data is 
  theirs and they can move it. [scribe assist by Dave Longley]
Manu Sporny:  The biggest win we can do, not the least amount of 
  effort, would be to demonstrate that we can transfer wallet 
  providers very easily. Focusing on multiple server 
  implementations for EDV and working on CHAPI a little bit for 
  moving VCs into a wallet and then migrating the wallet to another 
  provider. Another key component is moving ZCAPs forward a bit. 
  [scribe assist by Dave Longley]
Orie Steele: +1 To simple cases first.
Manu Sporny:  I think as an organization we're less concerned 
  with advanced stuff like multiple updating and syncing EDVs 
  across lots of devices, all legit use cases, but we'd like to 
  focus on the crawling before running. [scribe assist by Dave 
  Longley]
Manu Sporny:  I think this is where the joint DIF/W3C/Aries/Solid 
  stuff is about -- prioritizing these things and figuring out 
  where as a community we want to go. We, as an organization, want 
  to focus on portability, CHAPI, moving wallets, etc. simpler use 
  cases. [scribe assist by Dave Longley]
Joe Andrieu:  I put myself on the queue - to push back on 
  language around wallet vs. vault that Manu used. Naming is hard, 
  attempting to be constructive.
Orie Steele: "Wallet" is a terrible name :( ... names are hard...
Drummond Reed: The DIF Glossary Project is drilling deep into 
  community definitions of "wallet", "agent", and "credential". 
  It's amazing how diverse some of the responses are.
Joe Andrieu:  ChristopherA and I wrote a topic for the last 
  rebooting - spoke about how "Identity Wallets" and "Crypto 
  Wallets" have similarities, trying to find similarities 
  architecturally. Crypto wallets are not in your hardware 
  wallet... a wallet is how you control access to your stuff, not 
  the actual store that has it. A good crypto wallet could have 
  Bitcoin, Ethereum, AltCoins, but the way that tech works is that 
  the important stuff is not in the wallets.
Adrian Gropper: +1 To Joe's and Drummond's comments on "wallet"
Stephen Curran: "Wallet" in mainstream usage is the app you have 
  on your phone. It's not the bit of the any "thingy" (agent, 
  whatever) that stores things. Using that term is fighting a 
  losing battle.
Joe Andrieu:  The interfaces that we use to get access to stores 
  vs the stores themselves are important. We also need a good 
  separation between those so we can move EDVs around w/o changing 
  front-end wallet.
Dave Longley: There's probably also a naming issue here where the 
  general public will understand "wallet" as all of the layers, but 
  developers/technologists should understand there are more layers
Orie Steele:  I agree with what Joe is saying about wallets - had 
  a discussion w/ Christopher around overlap w/ concept of wallet 
  and concept of HD wallet.
Orie Steele:  Procedurally finding all tokens in an HD Wallet 
  across all different ledgers is difficult... key to unlocking 
  this is figuring out interfaces to cryptographic material for 
  controlling data that's associated with an identifier. I don't 
  like using wallet for that vs. keystore - either they are keys or 
  a mnemonic - like that.
Orie Steele:  The current library we use in the demo, we store 
  mnemonics, symmetric keys, asymmetric keys, we don't store 
  credentials. We use those things to connect to EDV, which we 
  intend to store credentials. If you dump vault to JSON, you can 
  serialize - you can have some level of portability with just 
  that.
Stephen Curran: +1 To Orie re: keystore + place for storing 
  credentials
Orie Steele:  In terms of interop, how do we as a community, 
  represent a serialized keystore/wallet format. Hyperledger Indy 
  has a serialization format for their wallet file structure, 
  similar to what we have - string array tagged property, once you 
  have something like that, you can abuse it to get any sort of 
  linking you want. There is the JWKs format - representing keys - 
  no metadata.
Orie Steele:  There is a mirror image to DID Doc that we don't 
  have for private keys - would love to see storage format for 
  keys... blurry line between WebKMS, EDVs, - getting clarity 
  around this is a high priority.
Jonathan Holt:  Is there any parallel mechanism for 
  importing/exporting in hardware wallets/ Are there standards for 
  interop?
Orie Steele:  Don't know if I can answer question perfectly - 
  with Bitcoin, WIF  has structure to it - detect what network 
  you're on, mnemonics - human readable version of entropy.
Orie Steele:  There is a path, path let's you say "give me list 
  of addresses on Ethereum network" - integer index - there is 
  overlap between WIF and what we need. It's just an encoding for a 
  specific single key, doesn't support wider use case of many key 
  formats. I might use the same mnemonic for different paths for 
  different IDs. Might use two different identifiers. You have to 
  be careful how you map these things, can erode privacy. 
  Annotating private key oriented
Keystore info is important, w/o annotation  you might 
  accidentally correlate yourself.
Orie Steele:  You want software to warn users when they are about 
  to do something dangerous?
Jonathan Holt:  Yes, BIP39 - derive keys from algorithm, you have 
  a state, derive key from that using an algorithm, BIP39 - similar 
  to PKCS - all sorts of key cards that  use that... there is a 
  standard there.
Orie Steele: You obviously cannot export non exportable keys....
Jonathan Holt: "With great. power, comes great responsibility!"
Manu Sporny:  Exporting pirvate keys might be a very bad idea. 
  Just keep that in mind, we may not want to do it.
Orie Steele: Thanks!
Manu Sporny:  But, this was great, loooking forward to more 
  engagement!
Moses Ma: Bye all
Joe Andrieu:  Thanks Orie so much for that, we'll see everyone in 
  two weeks!.
