[2020-01-21T17:05:03.630Z]	<justin_r>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:05:06.191Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:05:09.291Z]	<sumita>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:05:19.141Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+ 
[2020-01-21T17:05:25.161Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:05:37.116Z]	<agropper>	present+   
[2020-01-21T17:06:00.196Z]	<kimhd_>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:06:01.657Z]	<chriswinc>	present+   
[2020-01-21T17:06:15.676Z]	<Orie>	present+  
[2020-01-21T17:07:04.020Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:07:41.010Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:08:08.046Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:08:10.758Z]	<manu>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:08:18.276Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:08:55.337Z]	<Carl_DiClementi>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:09:33.986Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2020-01-21T17:09:35.196Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:10:00.988Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions / Reintroductions
[2020-01-21T17:10:09.619Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Anyone new today that hasn't been here before?
[2020-01-21T17:10:39.206Z]	<manu>	No one pipes up.
[2020-01-21T17:10:55.446Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2020-01-21T17:12:05.171Z]	<kimhd_>	let's ask Stephen
[2020-01-21T17:12:15.208Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Reintroductions... Kim?
[2020-01-21T17:12:23.763Z]	<manu>	kimhd: What about Stephen Curran?
[2020-01-21T17:12:59.962Z]	<identitywoman_>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:13:56.200Z]	<drummond>	voip: 447 is drummond
[2020-01-21T17:14:01.204Z]	<manu>	Richer: Hi,  Justin Richer, independent consultant in Boston, lot of work in OAuth and OpenID Protocol, lot of work in privacy, wrote vectors in trust, been involved with lots of different standards orgs. Here in this group and DID WG working on behalf of clients, SecureKey - bridge gaps between the traditional Web API space and the distributed DID identity space
[2020-01-21T17:14:14.820Z]	<manu>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2020-01-21T17:14:32.030Z]	<justin_r>	also doing http signatures, txauth, a couple board games, etc ....
[2020-01-21T17:14:36.043Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Next week is a DID WG meeting, still an opportunity to go - not seeing either chair in IRC list - URL for that is in the Agenda.
[2020-01-21T17:14:59.452Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	http://rwot10.eventbrite.com/
[2020-01-21T17:15:03.237Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: RWOT10 is March 16th-20th in Buenos Aires, Argentina - you can sign up above.
[2020-01-21T17:15:08.682Z]	<MosesMa>	Do you have an agenda for RWOT 10?
[2020-01-21T17:15:21.817Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: This Friday is deadline for early bird tickets, have another month to get topic paper discount for regular advanced sale.
[2020-01-21T17:15:36.623Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Yes, we have an Agenda for RWOT10 - same agenda as usual, ping me offline if you have specific questions.
[2020-01-21T17:15:42.842Z]	<MosesMa>	Okay Joe
[2020-01-21T17:16:03.951Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: DID Resolution calls have resumed in new year. Where are we with that? Who should join?
[2020-01-21T17:16:19.557Z]	<manu>	drummond: Markus is running those calls, he is the authoritiative guy there.
[2020-01-21T17:17:22.109Z]	<manu>	markus_sabadello: Yes, we're having calls, recent topics include matrix parameters, how they're different from query parameters, another topic is security and trust aspects of DID Resolution and different requirements for DID Resolution architectures - local resolvers, remote services, what does that mean for how you can trust the result and what sort of proofs you should add? Ties into Sam Smith's work on self-certifying identifiers and proof of authority.
[2020-01-21T17:17:35.948Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2020-01-21T17:17:41.764Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: That meeting is Thursdays for 60 minutes, link above.
[2020-01-21T17:17:49.561Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: 1PM PT
[2020-01-21T17:18:04.778Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:18:08.432Z]	<markus_sabadello>	DID Resolution spec weekly meeting: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/
[2020-01-21T17:18:28.144Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Related to announcements -- next week, next week is DID WG face to face  meeting in Amsterdam. Plus one if you are going to be available and want to meet next week. There is no DID WG meeting.
[2020-01-21T17:18:42.108Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: In consideration of canceling next week... +1 if you want to hav ethe meeting.
[2020-01-21T17:18:53.848Z]	<drummond>	-1
[2020-01-21T17:18:58.777Z]	<manu>	Crickets... *chirp chirp chirp*
[2020-01-21T17:19:09.120Z]	<manu>	-1 (to stand is solidarity with drummond)
[2020-01-21T17:19:19.917Z]	<markus_sabadello>	-1 (group pressure)
[2020-01-21T17:19:36.580Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Ok, we'll cancel next week and pick the meeting up in two weeks time.
[2020-01-21T17:19:36.837Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2020-01-21T17:19:48.605Z]	<manu>	Topic: Updates
[2020-01-21T17:20:15.357Z]	<manu>	kimhd: We talked about this last week, no resolution. We didn't update the labels for review next. Same ones we reviewed last week.
[2020-01-21T17:20:24.129Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2020-01-21T17:20:27.737Z]	<manu>	q+ to provide updates.
[2020-01-21T17:20:42.122Z]	<Carl_DiClementi>	Will there be a summary of some kind published regarding any conclusions from the in person meeting?
[2020-01-21T17:20:42.369Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2020-01-21T17:20:44.268Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:21:20.109Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Update on the signatures stuff. There's been a lot of movement. Christopher and a group of implementers are updating a list of links to current implementations and specs, etc. Orie has done a great job at pushing the security vocab from DVCG to the CCG.
[2020-01-21T17:22:09.084Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We're working on a strategy to get that updated; work on repos, etc.; another individual in this group has started working on a cryptosuite spec. There's movement to clean up and document and update things. Others working on people getting additional funding for making progress.
[2020-01-21T17:22:20.084Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Multiple companies looking at funding there.
[2020-01-21T17:23:01.618Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Just so everyone knows and is up to date. Hosting a schema is still vague and we'll need to work with Christopher to figure out what he'd like to see there. There are other non-big things that Orie and I and others are Digital Bazaar are working on. That's updates for LD signatures, contexts, etc.
[2020-01-21T17:23:11.947Z]	<Carl_DiClementi>	We (Factom) are the org working on updating the RSA suite and we plan to communicate a plan WRT consolidating content for proofs that is spread across several specs.
[2020-01-21T17:23:13.638Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: So issue #95, we should close that.
[2020-01-21T17:23:53.841Z]	<manu>	Carl_DiClementi: If it's a small comment, I can mention it on queue?
[2020-01-21T17:23:55.662Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Yes.
[2020-01-21T17:24:41.880Z]	<manu>	Carl_DiClementi: We will be working on updating RSA Signature Cryptosuite - also trying to consolidate cryptosuites across various locations, will come back with proposals around that soon.
[2020-01-21T17:24:54.418Z]	<kimhd_>	present+ davidm, llorllale, TroyRonda, wayne
[2020-01-21T17:25:13.557Z]	<Carl_DiClementi>	snark +1
[2020-01-21T17:25:16.217Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Closing #95, which is great.
[2020-01-21T17:25:59.883Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: The Chairs would like to have a JSON-LD day where we can spend most of the topical points on where things are, where resources are, how we can support it, want to make sure it's moving forward. That's #88.
[2020-01-21T17:26:15.264Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:26:16.998Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Updating the CCG Process, we had a call on it last week, relates to next item on Agenda - going to move into that.
[2020-01-21T17:26:27.008Z]	<manu>	Topic: W3C CCG Election and Charter Update
[2020-01-21T17:26:35.738Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We do need to have an election and do need to update the Charter.
[2020-01-21T17:27:01.303Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We are going to update the charter, provide details on election format - will propose new election process, will hopefully maintain a healthy succession of leadership.
[2020-01-21T17:27:52.477Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We're working on this, this sort of things don't spark joy, so it's taking longer than normal. We don't want to rush through this, just wanted to give an update on that. Happy to talk offline if folks want more detail.
[2020-01-21T17:28:05.378Z]	<manu>	Topic: Encrypted Data Vaults - Transmute Implementation
[2020-01-21T17:28:21.043Z]	<kimhd_>	yes, it's a work item
[2020-01-21T17:28:34.578Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We have an Encrypted Data Vault specification as a work item, I believe it's a work item, larger conversation on how to work w/ DIF and other communities on shared spec for this critical piece.
[2020-01-21T17:28:56.844Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Lots of people are working on this in lots of different ways, Medium post by Orie Steele, on how their EDV implementation went. Wanted to share that with the group.
[2020-01-21T17:29:06.300Z]	<Orie>	+1 for update
[2020-01-21T17:29:13.378Z]	<kimhd_>	present?
[2020-01-21T17:30:06.610Z]	<kimhd_>	present+ codenamedmitri
[2020-01-21T17:31:28.610Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:31:29.127Z]	<manu>	manu: The conversation continues between W3C and DIF, Rouven will provide an update later this week.
[2020-01-21T17:31:31.858Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Thanks for the update, in that context - speaking as the Chairs - as a CG we're here to catalyze conversations that move work forward. We are having this conversation today about a particular implementation of a particular spec.
[2020-01-21T17:31:47.063Z]	<Orie>	https://medium.com/transmute-techtalk/encrypted-data-vaults-c794055b170e
[2020-01-21T17:31:54.259Z]	<manu>	Orie: There is the blog post ^
[2020-01-21T17:32:27.719Z]	<manu>	Orie: I'd like this to be as interactive as possible. This work is of interest to a number of different communities. Transmute are members of W3C and DIF, we initially followed the initial into through Identity Hubs at DIF.
[2020-01-21T17:32:42.100Z]	<manu>	Orie: Hubs was a spec was around facilitating storage on behalf of decentrlaized storage.
[2020-01-21T17:33:08.645Z]	<manu>	Orie: Hubs might be available online, they might take a beating on the public Internet, they may serve content in encrypted or non-encrpted form, most DIF discussion on Hubs is non-encrypted.
[2020-01-21T17:33:41.840Z]	<manu>	Orie: You would talk to a hub when you need data around DIDs. That was our first introduction to it, worked in DIF trying to move Hubs specification forward. Then there was this brilliant RWOT paper that summarized the entire ecosystem.
[2020-01-21T17:34:15.377Z]	<dlongley>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/master/final-documents/encrypted-data-vaults.md
[2020-01-21T17:34:16.277Z]	<manu>	Orie: That summarized Hubs, Solid, EDVs, etc... that document was the motivation of this collaboration between these various communities.
[2020-01-21T17:34:47.241Z]	<manu>	Orie: What we've started with is with what we expect to be the W3C specification for Encrypted Data Vaults - client-server architecture for data that's encrypted in transit and encrypted at rest.
[2020-01-21T17:35:21.260Z]	<manu>	Orie: It's related to some other things floating around on mailing list - HTTP Signatures, our implementation that's mentioned in the blog post uses HTTP Signatures and Authorization Capabilities (ZCAP-LD) - of interest for further discussion.
[2020-01-21T17:35:52.226Z]	<manu>	Orie: You as a controller of a key of a DID Document express authorization around EDV documents - express authorizations as capabilities, and then invoke capabilities to get to your data and work with it.
[2020-01-21T17:36:02.922Z]	<manu>	Orie: We use ZCAP-LD and HTTP Signatures from browser to server.
[2020-01-21T17:36:50.966Z]	<manu>	Orie: I'll note that Authorization Capabilities are new, there are alternatives like OAuth and stuff like that, marrying that ecosystem, txauth is a primary interest to having WG to consolidate and share knowledge about how we interop, what plugs what doesn't.
[2020-01-21T17:37:51.858Z]	<manu>	Orie: The Encrypted Data Document format - the one we're using today is a JWE - what that means is that is a reasonable encryptoin encoding format for these documents. Lots of support for JOSE, should be easy to move JWEs around - however, if we're talking about large datasets, vision to support that in the future, we're going to have to have a deeper discussion about that.
[2020-01-21T17:38:15.384Z]	<manu>	Orie: That's another area we could talk about - what do we store in the vaults? Structured data, or more like file system? Large binaries?
[2020-01-21T17:38:44.738Z]	<manu>	Orie: Why not TahoeLAFS? Other encrypted file system extensions to IPFS - don't want to read our blog post to you - I talk a lot abou tthe technology - probably should set business context.
[2020-01-21T17:39:37.598Z]	<manu>	Orie: The reason we care about this, working with DHS SVIP on preventing forgery and particularly working with US Customs and Border Protection around certificates around raw materials imports. Want to store these certificates in some sort of interoperable data store. Digital Bazaar did this with CBP as well and we think that's a use case that applies to many things.
[2020-01-21T17:39:54.211Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2020-01-21T17:40:05.530Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: disconnect 431
[2020-01-21T17:40:22.798Z]	<kimhd_>	new Wired article on Kaliya and SSI https://www.wired.co.uk/article/kaliya-young
[2020-01-21T17:40:29.158Z]	<manu>	Orie: This also works with storing credential formats and digital wallet portability. One other point before opening up to questions - in EDV implementation - had to do a lot of magic to get keys to get used for authz. Another work item called WebKMS, we used that, want to see progress on that.
[2020-01-21T17:41:26.148Z]	<manu>	Orie: One of the needs of an EDV system is you're using keys - would like to combine WebKMS ... also interested on credential exchange - CHAPI - extension for working w/b rowsers to exchange credentails... want to integrate CHAPI into our EDV demo in the future.
[2020-01-21T17:41:31.703Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:41:49.308Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2020-01-21T17:41:58.557Z]	<manu>	Orie: I'm familiar with DIF company positions as well, could elaborate there.
[2020-01-21T17:42:05.318Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Are you using WebKMS in the implementation?
[2020-01-21T17:42:33.909Z]	<manu>	Orie: Not today - how do we represent serialized keystores that have info about DIDs, we have a library that can do that today, but it's 90% JWKs - with some metadata.
[2020-01-21T17:43:00.467Z]	<manu>	Orie: There might be some DID public key identifier associated with a DID - that's portability layer that enables us to use did:key, did:github, and did:elem.
[2020-01-21T17:43:34.460Z]	<manu>	Orie: Signing and encrypting on behalf of DID Document is done with these keys... it's an area that we'd like to see an existing standard... JWKs w/ annotations - don't want alternate keystore format that we've created.
[2020-01-21T17:43:43.240Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:43:46.839Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack dlongley
[2020-01-21T17:43:51.040Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Great, it's implementations like this that help us understand where we could put in effort.
[2020-01-21T17:44:26.362Z]	<manu>	dlongley: All of this is great, thanks for doing this work Orie. My expectation is that you're using the edv-client - that gives full interop w/ our EDV implementations. We're very interested in working out interop w/ Transmute.
[2020-01-21T17:44:56.964Z]	<manu>	dlongley: Interested in working on interop w/ streaming... also collaborating on WebKMS - we are using WebKMS + EDVs. Also interested in interop w/ CHAPI, this is all great, very interested in collaborating.
[2020-01-21T17:45:52.962Z]	<manu>	Orie: We don't support streaming format yet, we support document create/update - thinnest wrapper around EDV that we could ... interop goals, I'd like to focus on a couple of different EDV implementation sout there, maybe more than one client app out there, some ability to create docs on one of them and then move docs from one to another and back again.
[2020-01-21T17:45:59.902Z]	<manu>	q+ to talk about wallet interop
[2020-01-21T17:46:40.950Z]	<manu>	Orie: We had some discussions - if you're running stuff on public internet, what are some concerns? There is an endpoint that'll delete everything -- it's a demo - don't use it for production.
[2020-01-21T17:47:22.368Z]	<manu>	Orie: I'd like to think about whitelisting as a layer on top of this - whitelist DIDs for early integration w/ services. I see a natural place to do this - when we process capability invocations, we could extend to support generaic white list .
[2020-01-21T17:47:38.499Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:48:01.984Z]	<Orie>	+1 to allow listing
[2020-01-21T17:48:04.978Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Wanted to point out Dave's suggestion to change "white list" to "allow list".
[2020-01-21T17:48:09.243Z]	<manu>	consensus!
[2020-01-21T17:48:15.765Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2020-01-21T17:48:36.778Z]	<dlongley>	manu: One, underscore Dave's point that this is all great work, Orie. Wonderful to see another company pick up an implementation, implement and see it work.
[2020-01-21T17:48:54.366Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Great that we're using the same client but different servers gives us a narrow point to demonstrate interop which is a good thing.
[2020-01-21T17:49:27.607Z]	<dlongley>	manu: So what are the next highest priority things to demonstrate... everything you list is great. Collaborating on CHAPI, different server implementations, on ZCAPs, on allow lists and block lists and things of that nature.
[2020-01-21T17:50:15.227Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I wanted to point out that DB's primary motivation has to do with wallet portability. What DB means by "wallet" is "where you store your stuff". Maybe your VCs, binary files, things that are sensitive to you. The digital version of your physical wallet, receipts, loyalty cards, you stuff lots of stuff like that in your wallet.
[2020-01-21T17:50:45.804Z]	<dlongley>	manu: So in EDVs is where we intend to put all this stuff. And that you can move providers very easily, that's what we want. You should be able to change wallet/EDV providers without anyone stopping you from doing so.
[2020-01-21T17:50:56.677Z]	<dlongley>	manu: So power to the people, making sure their data is theirs and they can move it.
[2020-01-21T17:51:28.646Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to suggest distinction between wallet & vault
[2020-01-21T17:51:38.125Z]	<dlongley>	manu: The biggest win we can do, not the least amount of effort, would be to demonstrate that we can transfer wallet providers very easily. Focusing on multiple server implementations for EDV and working on CHAPI a little bit for moving VCs into a wallet and then migrating the wallet to another provider. Another key component is moving ZCAPs forward a bit.
[2020-01-21T17:51:50.970Z]	<Orie>	+1 to simple cases first.
[2020-01-21T17:52:10.749Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I think as an organization we're less concerned with advanced stuff like multiple updating and syncing EDVs across lots of devices, all legit use cases, but we'd like to focus on the crawling before running.
[2020-01-21T17:52:56.079Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:52:56.565Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I think this is where the joint DIF/W3C/Aries/Solid stuff is about -- prioritizing these things and figuring out where as a community we want to go. We, as an organization, want to focus on portability, CHAPI, moving wallets, etc. simpler use cases.
[2020-01-21T17:52:59.008Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2020-01-21T17:53:22.242Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I put myself on the queue - to push back on language around wallet vs. vault that Manu used. Naming is hard, attempting to be constructive.
[2020-01-21T17:53:26.698Z]	<Orie>	"wallet" is a terrible name :( ... names are hard...
[2020-01-21T17:53:55.821Z]	<drummond>	The DIF Glossary Project is drilling deep into community definitions of "wallet", "agent", and "credential". It's amazing how diverse some of the responses are.
[2020-01-21T17:54:17.219Z]	<Orie>	q+
[2020-01-21T17:54:39.988Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: ChristopherA and I wrote a topic for the last rebooting - spoke about how "Identity Wallets" and "Crypto Wallets" have similarities, trying to find similarities architecturally. Crypto wallets are not in your hardware wallet... a wallet is how you control access to your stuff, not the actual store that has it. A good crypto wallet could have Bitcoin, Ethereum, AltCoins, but the way that tech works is that the important stuff is not in the wallets.
[2020-01-21T17:54:57.260Z]	<agropper>	+1 to Joe's and Drummond's comments on "wallet"
[2020-01-21T17:55:03.866Z]	<StephenCurran3>	"wallet" in mainstream usage is the app you have on your phone. It's not the bit of the any "thingy" (agent, whatever) that stores things. Using that term is fighting a losing battle.
[2020-01-21T17:55:13.758Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: The interfaces that we use to get access to stores vs the stores themselves are important. We also need a good separation between those so we can move EDVs around w/o changing front-end wallet.
[2020-01-21T17:55:19.658Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T17:55:24.577Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Orie
[2020-01-21T17:55:40.839Z]	<dlongley>	there's probably also a naming issue here where the general public will understand "wallet" as all of the layers, but developers/technologists should understand there are more layers
[2020-01-21T17:55:43.743Z]	<manu>	Orie: I agree with what Joe is saying about wallets - had a discussion w/ Christopher around overlap w/ concept of wallet and concept of HD wallet.
[2020-01-21T17:56:52.620Z]	<manu>	Orie: Procedurally finding all tokens in an HD Wallet across all different ledgers is difficult... key to unlocking this is figuring out interfaces to cryptographic material for controlling data that's associated with an identifier. I don't like using wallet for that vs. keystore - either they are keys or a mnemonic - like that.
[2020-01-21T17:57:34.844Z]	<manu>	Orie: The current library we use in the demo, we store mnemonics, symmetric keys, asymmetric keys, we don't store credentials. We use those things to connect to EDV, which we intend to store credentials. If you dump vault to JSON, you can serialize - you can have some level of portability with just that.
[2020-01-21T17:58:02.997Z]	<StephenCurran3>	+1 to Orie re: keystore + place for storing credentials
[2020-01-21T17:58:13.485Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2020-01-21T17:58:29.208Z]	<manu>	Orie: In terms of interop, how do we as a community, represent a serialized keystore/wallet format. Hyperledger Indy has a serialization format for their wallet file structure, similar to what we have - string array tagged property, once you have something like that, you can abuse it to get any sort of linking you want. There is the JWKs format - representing keys - no metadata.
[2020-01-21T17:58:40.944Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that exporting keys might be a very bad idea. :)
[2020-01-21T17:59:26.477Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathan_holt
[2020-01-21T17:59:27.659Z]	<manu>	Orie: There is a mirror image to DID Doc that we don't have for private keys - would love to see storage format for keys... blurry line between WebKMS, EDVs, - getting clarity around this is a high priority.
[2020-01-21T17:59:46.478Z]	<manu>	jonathan_holt: Is there any parallel mechanism for importing/exporting in hardware wallets/ Are there standards for interop?
[2020-01-21T18:00:21.478Z]	<manu>	Orie: Don't know if I can answer question perfectly - with Bitcoin, WIF  has structure to it - detect what network you're on, mnemonics - human readable version of entropy.
[2020-01-21T18:02:04.960Z]	<manu>	Orie: There is a path, path let's you say "give me list of addresses on Ethereum network" - integer index - there is overlap between WIF and what we need. It's just an encoding for a specific single key, doesn't support wider use case of many key formats. I might use the same mnemonic for different paths for different IDs. Might use two different identifiers. You have to be careful how you map these things, can erode privacy. Annotating private key oriented
[2020-01-21T18:02:05.041Z]	<manu>	keystore info is important, w/o annotation  you might accidentally correlate yourself.
[2020-01-21T18:02:17.350Z]	<manu>	Orie: You want software to warn users when they are about to do something dangerous?
[2020-01-21T18:03:09.810Z]	<manu>	jonathan_holt: Yes, BIP39 - derive keys from algorithm, you have a state, derive key from that using an algorithm, BIP39 - similar to PKCS - all sorts of key cards that  use that... there is a standard there.
[2020-01-21T18:03:14.898Z]	<manu>	q?
[2020-01-21T18:03:17.728Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2020-01-21T18:03:49.636Z]	<Orie>	you obviously cannot export non exportable keys....
[2020-01-21T18:04:07.666Z]	<jonathan_holt>	"with great. power, comes great responsibility!"
[2020-01-21T18:04:44.109Z]	<ken>	present+
[2020-01-21T18:04:56.718Z]	<manu>	manu: Exporting pirvate keys might be a very bad idea. Just keep that in mind, we may not want to do it.
[2020-01-21T18:04:59.258Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2020-01-21T18:05:05.897Z]	<Orie>	thanks!
[2020-01-21T18:05:09.324Z]	<manu>	manu: But, this was great, loooking forward to more engagement!
[2020-01-21T18:05:17.875Z]	<MosesMa>	Bye all
[2020-01-21T18:05:20.888Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Thanks Orie so much for that, we'll see everyone in two weeks!.
[2020-01-21T18:06:28.862Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2020-01-21T18:06:34.885Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 430
[2020-01-21T18:06:38.557Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 435
